h1. Gwtupld

h2. File uploader for GWT with drag'n'drop, multiple file selection
and graceful fallback for old browsers.

h3. Features

* Drag'n'drop support in ...
* Multiple file selection in ...
* Progress bar in ...
* XHR file upload in ...
* Fallback to hidden iframe for all others
* Doesn't require Flash or anything but GWT

h3. To be implemented

* Cancel button for XHR uploads
* Internationalization
* File size & extension verification
* Append parameters when submitting file

h3. Developing and testing

This component is based on code of `file-uploader` project.
https://github.com/valums/file-uploader
Basically it is just a rewriting of it to GWT.

All you need to test it locally is to run the following command

<pre>
gradlew devmode
</pre>

type

<pre>
gradlew gwtcompile devmode
</pre>

to be able to test it in those browsers that do not have GWT developer plugin
available.

There is a servlet (UploadServlet) available for testing that will save uploaded
files to temp directory. So feel free to test and debug.

There is a problem with testing iframe uploading as you need protocol, host and
port to be exactly the same for parent document and for iframe used for posting
form to be able to get contents of the iframe (JS security restriction). So you
can set up a proxy (I prefer nginx) with the following configuration:

<pre>
server {
  listen 8082;

  client_max_body_size 2000M;

  location ~* ^/gwtupld/ {
    proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:8080;
  }

  location ~* ^/editor/ {
    proxy_pass http://127.0.1.1:8081;
  }
}
</pre>

And then just replace port 8081 with 8082 in the address bar when testing.
All requests will go to port 8082 and then dispatched to appropriate locations.